Add a concept page for each API resource (#141)
kubernetes-sigs/kueue: docs/concepts/cluster_queue.md

# Cluster Queue

A `ClusterQueue` is a cluster-scoped resource that governs a pool of resources
such as CPU, memory and hardware accelerators. A `ClusterQueue` defines:
- The resource _flavors_ that it manages, with usage limits and order of consumption.

> - Fair sharing rules across the tenants of the cluster.

Author: I'll leave it for a follow up. I need more details in the ClusterQueue page first.

> Only cluster administrators should create `ClusterQueue` objects.

Reviewer: lets also add something about personas (Batch Admin and Batch User), perhaps in glossary too

Author: I was thinking about that too. I'll do it in a follow up.

## Resource Flavors

Resources in a cluster are typically not homogeneus. Resources could differ in:
- pricing and availability (ex: spot vs on-demand VMs)
- architecture (ex: x86 vs ARM CPUs)
- brands and models (ex: Radeon 7000 vs Nvidia A100 vs T4 GPUs)

> A `ResourceFlavor` is a resource that represents these variations and allows

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A `ResourceFlavor` is an object API that represents these variations and allows
```

just so it is not confused with compute resource

Author: Done, updated everywhere.

administrators to associate them with node labels and taints.

## Cohort

`ClusterQueues` can be grouped in _cohorts_. `ClusterQueues` that belong to the

> same cohort can borrow unused resources from each other, if they have matching

Reviewer: ```suggestion
same cohort can borrow unused quota from each other, if they have matching
```

Author: Done
